The first thing I'm gonna go is look at that cheat sheet a fellow cohort mate post one slack one day. I'll look over it and see what looks familiar and what I don't know about at all. I'll then google search each method that I feel I don't understand what they mean fully. I'll mostly go to w3school as that has been a god send for me in the past. Anything that I didn't understand from even w3school I'll continue google searching until I find my answer. I should probably take notes Which I suppose I will for the more difficult to understand material. I'll use pomodoro to have bursts of productiveness and stay focused as whenever I tried to self medicate my breaks I have the tendency to waste a lot of time browsing 4chan or Reddit. Breaks are very important for me to stay focused in the long run and to not burn out. I've been very stupid in the past and just pushed past my supposed break time in order to get more done.

As per usual I went stupid and ignore anyway plan I set half way through the exercise. pomodoro does sorta help, but eventually I either get too into something I'm looking at during the break or I skip breaks that I justify by making having been distracted in the middle of the work session. it ruins the flow and I get either burnout or I lost the passion to do the work. Another thing I messed up on is I only stayed on w3school which was not only a little dumb, but counterproductive to the exercise.  Old habits die hard I suppose. Makes me feel disappointed in myself though.
